{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;}{\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}{\f2\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldItalicMT;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Wingdings-Regular;}{\f4\fnil\fcharset0 SymbolMT;}{\f5\froman\fcharset0 CourierNewPS-BoldItalicMT;}{\f6\fmodern\fprq1\fcharset0 Courier New;}{\f7\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green218\blue136;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green0\blue255;\red128\green0\blue0;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\cf1\b\f0\fs32 MSB XML Description\par
\b0\f1\fs24 This document describes the .msb structure. This is primarily an XML file. The file is an\par
hierarchical structure of XML Elements. Most elements have special attributes associated\par
with them. Element names must be unique.\par
The Elements are described below in the order of their hierarchy.\par
\b\i\f2 <Platform> \b0\i0\f1 - Describes the global properties of an MSB platform. It has the following\par
attributes.\par
\f3\fs25\u56256?\u56451? \b\i\f2\fs24 <DesignName> \b0\i0\f1 this is the name of the top-level module generated.\par
\f3\fs25\u56256?\u56451? \b\i\f2\fs24 <Device> \b0\i0\f1 Target FPGA device family\par
\f3\fs25\u56256?\u56451? \b\i\f2\fs24 <Frequency> \b0\i0\f1 Of the Design\par
\f3\fs25\u56256?\u56451? \b\i\f2\fs24 <BoardFrequency> \b0\i0\f1 Frequency of the input clock.\par
The Platform consists of several <Components>.\par
\b\i\f2 <Component> \b0\i0\f1 - Defines the following attributes.\par
\f3\fs25\u56256?\u56451? \b\i\f2\fs24 <Access> \b0\i0\f1 - R/O or R/W used for memories\par
\f3\fs25\u56256?\u56451? \b\i\f2\fs24 <Help> \b0\i0\f1 - Location of Help File.\par
\f3\fs25\u56256?\u56451? \b\i\f2\fs24 <Text> \b0\i0\f1 - Name displayed on the GUI (left pane).\par
\f3\fs25\u56256?\u56451? \b\i\f2\fs24 <Type> \b0\i0\f1 - "Memory"/"IO"/"CPU"\par
\f3\fs25\u56256?\u56451? \b\i\f2\fs24 <Version> \b0\i0\f1 - version string.\par
In addition to the attributes, each component has many elements describing more\par
complex attributes.\par
\b\i\f2 <MasterSlavePorts> \b0\i0\f1 - contains under it elements describing the Wishbone Master/Slave\par
ports of the component.\par
\b\i\f2 <MasterPort> \b0\i0\f1 - specifies the attributes of a master port of the component.\par
A component can have multiple master ports. This element has the\par
following attributes.\par
\f4\bullet  \b\i\f2 <Name> \b0\i0\f1 - displayed on the GUI.\par
\f4\bullet  \b\i\f2 <Prefix> \b0\i0\f1 - the string prefixed to the Wishbone Bus signals\par
for this component\par
\f4\bullet  \b\i\f2 <Type> \b0\i0\f1 - this determines the slave port that can be\par
connected to master port.\par
\b\i\f2 <SlavePort> \b0\i0\f1 - specifies the attributes of a slave port of the component. A\par
component is allowed to have ONE slave port.\par
\cf2\b\f0\fs60\par
\cf1\b0\f4\fs24\bullet  \b\i\f2 <Name> \b0\i0\f1 - Display on the GUI.\par
\f4\bullet  \b\i\f2 <Prefix> \b0\i0\f1 - has the same meaning as the Master port.\par
\f4\bullet  \b\i\f2 <Connections> \b0\i0\f1 - specifies a list of connections to Master\par
Ports\par
\b\i\f5 o \f2 <Connection> \b0\i0\f1 - Specifies a single connection has\par
the following attributes\par
\b\i\f5 o \f2 <InstansceName> \b0\i0\f1 - instance name of the\par
component this port is connected to.\par
\b\i\f5 o \f2 <MasterPort> \b0\i0\f1 - Prefix of the master port in the\par
component it is connected to.\par
\b\i\f2 <ClockPort> \b0\i0\f1 - has two attributes\par
\f4\bullet  \b\i\f2 <Description> \b0\i0\f1 - used by GUI\par
\f4\bullet  \b\i\f2 <Name> \b0\i0\f1 - name of the clock port.\par
\b\i\f2 <ResetPort> \b0\i0\f1 - has two attributes as well.\par
\f4\bullet  \b\i\f2 <Description> \b0\i0\f1 - used by GUI\par
\f4\bullet  \b\i\f2 <Name> \b0\i0\f1 - name of the reset port.\par
\b\i\f2 <Interrupt> \b0\i0\f1 - has four attributes\par
\f4\bullet  \b\i\f2 <Active> \b0\i0\f1 - values are "high" or "low".\par
\f4\bullet  \b\i\f2 <IRQ> \b0\i0\f1 - describes the IRQ number is assigned.\par
\f4\bullet  \b\i\f2 <Name> \b0\i0\f1 - Port Name\par
\f4\bullet  \b\i\f2 <Type> \b0\i0\f1 - "sink" or "source" only one sink is allowed in\par
the system.\par
\f4\bullet  \b\i\f2 <Width> \b0\i0\f1 - this attribute is allowed for "sink" only and is\par
the number (width) of the interrupt port. Source and sink\par
types may have different <Active> types.\par
\b\i\f2 <Files> \b0\i0\f1 - is a list of sources files for the component.\par
\b\i\f2 <File> \b0\i0\f1 - has one attribute\par
\b\i\f2 <Name> \b0\i0\f1 - of the file to be included.\par
\b\i\f2 <Parms> \b0\i0\f1 - is a list of parameters for the component.\par
\b\i\f2 <Parm> \b0\i0\f1 - has many attributes\par
\f3\fs25\u56256?\u56451? \b\i\f2\fs24 <Name> \b0\i0\f1 - Typically the name of the Verilog `define or parameter\par
name\par
\f3\fs25\u56256?\u56451? \b\i\f2\fs24 <Type> \b0\i0\f1 - Can be "string","integer","define".\par
\f3\fs25\u56256?\u56451? \b\i\f2\fs24 <Text> \b0\i0\f1 - Used by GUI to display in configuration dialoge\par
\f3\fs25\u56256?\u56451? \b\i\f2\fs24 <isuse> \b0\i0\f1 - if set to "true" specifies that this parameter marks the\par
USED flag\par
\f3\fs25\u56256?\u56451? \b\i\f2\fs24 <isiname> \b0\i0\f1 - set to "true" means this parameter is the instance name\par
\cf2\b\f0\fs60\par
\cf1\b0\f3\fs25\u56256?\u56451? \b\i\f2\fs24 <isba> \b0\i0\f1 - set to "true' means this parameter is the base address of the\par
slave port.\par
\f3\fs25\u56256?\u56451? \b\i\f2\fs24 <issize> \b0\i0\f1 - set to "true" means this parameter is the size.\par
\f3\fs25\u56256?\u56451? \b\i\f2\fs24 <Value> \b0\i0\f1 - is the value for this parameter ("def" or "undef" if Type\par
= "define")\par
\f3\fs25\u56256?\u56451? \b\i\f2\fs24 <ValueRange> \b0\i0\f1 - For integer parameters this species a valid range\par
\f3\fs25\u56256?\u56451? \b\i\f2\fs24 <OType> \b0\i0\f1 - determines the output format in the verilog top-level\par
\f3\fs25\u56256?\u56451? \b\i\f2\fs24 <isparm> \b0\i0\f1 - true specifies this is a "parameter" for a verilog, default\par
is `define\par
\f3\fs25\u56256?\u56451? \b\i\f2\fs24 <condition> \b0\i0\f1 - this parameter is applicable only if "Condition" is\par
defined.\par
\b\i\f2 <ExternalPorts> \b0\i0\f1 - list of external ports to be connected to the top level of the design\par
\b\i\f2 <ExternalPort> \b0\i0\f1 - has many attributes\par
\f4\bullet  \b\i\f2 <Condition> \b0\i0\f1 - this external port will be used ONLY if\par
condition is defined.\par
\f4\bullet  \b\i\f2 <Name> \b0\i0\f1 - HDL name of the top-level port\par
\f4\bullet  \b\i\f2 <Width> \b0\i0\f1 - width of the port\par
\f4\bullet  \b\i\f2 <Type> \b0\i0\f1 - "in", "out" or "inout".\par
<DeviceDriver> -*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*-\par
\par
\par
\tab The <DeviceDriver element specifies the attributes required to associate SPE software APIs with an instance of a MSB component.\par
\tab\tab\cf3\f6\fs20 <\cf4\b DeviceDriver\cf1\b0  InitRoutine\cf5\b =\cf6\b0 "MicoXXXInit"\cf1  StructName\cf5\b =\cf6\b0 "MicoXXXCtx_t"\cf3 > <\cf1 /\cf4\b DeviceDriver\cf3\b0 >\cf1\line\f1\fs24\tab\tab\tab * \f4  \b\i\f2 <InitRoutine> \b0\i0 - API used to initialize the component at system power up and reset.\par
\f1\tab\tab\tab * \f4  \b\i\f2 <StructName> \b0\i0 - Name of the structure that defines the register space of the component.\par
\par
\tab The <DDstruct>  and </DDstruct> elements delimit the elements and attributes used to define the members of the component's structure.\par
\f6\fs20\tab\tab\cf3 <\cf4\b DDstruct\cf3\b0 >  <\cf1 /\cf4\b DDstruct\cf3\b0 >\par
\cf1\f2\fs24\tab\tab\tab The <DDSElem and /> elements delimit the attributes of each member of the component's structure.\par
\f6\fs20\tab\tab\tab\cf3 <\cf4\b DDSElem\cf1\b0  MemberName \cf5\b =\cf1\b0  \cf6 "attrib"\cf1  MemberType \cf5\b =\cf1\b0  \cf6 "attrib*" \cf1 Type\cf5\b =\cf6\b0 "attrib"\cf1  Value\cf5\b =\cf6\b0 "attrib"\cf1  Format \cf5\b =\cf1\b0  \cf6 "attrib"\cf1 /\cf3 >\cf1\line\f2\fs24\tab\tab\tab\tab MemberName - This attribute provides a C label used to access a particular member of a component's structure.\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Can be name, base, intrLevel, usrCtx, callback, prev, next or ????????.\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab MemberType - This attribute provides a reference to the C type used to access a particular member of a component's structure.\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Can be any valid C type, user defined type or ??????.\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab Type - This attribute provides a place holder to attach special information regarding a particular member of a component's structure.\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Can be Parm, Interrupt, unititialized or ???????.\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab Value - This attribute provides a default  value to be assigned to a particular member of a component's structure.\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Can be InstanceName, BASE_ADDRESS, IRQ_LEVEL, SIZE, blank, etc.\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab Format - This attribute provides specific information regarding the organization of a component's structure members.\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Can be string,????????\par
\par
\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\par
\f6\fs20\tab\tab\tab\cf3 <\cf4\b DDSElem\cf1\b0  MemberName \cf5\b =\cf1\b0  \cf6 "name"\cf1  MemberType \cf5\b =\cf1\b0  \cf6 "const char*" \cf1 Type\cf5\b =\cf6\b0 "Parm"\cf1  Value\cf5\b =\cf6\b0 "InstanceName"\cf1  Format \cf5\b =\cf1\b0  \cf6 "string"\cf1 /\cf3 >\cf1\line\tab\tab\tab\cf3 <\cf4\b DDSElem\cf1\b0  MemberName \cf5\b =\cf1\b0  \cf6 "base"\cf1\tab\tab MemberType \cf5\b =\cf1\b0  \cf6 "unsigned int"\cf1\tab Type\cf5\b =\cf6\b0 "Parm"\cf1\tab\tab\tab Value\cf5\b =\cf6\b0 "BASE_ADDRESS"\cf1 /\cf3 >\cf1\line\tab\tab\tab\cf3 <\cf4\b DDSElem\cf1\b0  MemberName \cf5\b =\cf1\b0  \cf6 "intrLevel"\cf1\tab MemberType \cf5\b =\cf1\b0  \cf6 "unsigned int"\cf1\tab Type\cf5\b =\cf6\b0 "Interrupt"\cf1\tab\tab Value\cf5\b =\cf6\b0 "IRQ_LEVEL"\cf1\tab /\cf3 >\cf1\line\tab\tab\tab\cf3 <\cf4\b DDSElem\cf1\b0  MemberName \cf5\b =\cf1\b0  \cf6 "userCtx"\cf1\tab MemberType \cf5\b =\cf1\b0  \cf6 "void *"\cf1\tab\tab Type\cf5\b =\cf6\b0 "uninitialized"\cf1\tab Value \cf5\b =\cf1\b0  \cf6 ""\cf1\tab\tab /\cf3 >\cf1\line\tab\tab\tab\cf3 <\cf4\b DDSElem\cf1\b0  MemberName \cf5\b =\cf1\b0  \cf6 "callback"\cf1\tab MemberType \cf5\b =\cf1\b0  \cf6 "void *"\cf1\tab\tab Type\cf5\b =\cf6\b0 "uninitialized"\cf1\tab Value \cf5\b =\cf1\b0  \cf6 ""\cf1\tab\tab /\cf3 >\cf1\line\tab\tab\tab\cf3 <\cf4\b DDSElem\cf1\b0  MemberName \cf5\b =\cf1\b0  \cf6 "prev"\cf1\tab\tab MemberType \cf5\b =\cf1\b0  \cf6 "void *"\cf1\tab\tab Type\cf5\b =\cf6\b0 "uninitialized"\cf1\tab Value \cf5\b =\cf1\b0  \cf6 ""\cf1\tab\tab /\cf3 >\cf1\line\tab\tab\tab\cf3 <\cf4\b DDSElem\cf1\b0  MemberName \cf5\b =\cf1\b0  \cf6 "next"\cf1\tab\tab MemberType \cf5\b =\cf1\b0  \cf6 "void *"\cf1\tab\tab Type\cf5\b =\cf6\b0 "uninitialized"\cf1\tab Value \cf5\b =\cf1\b0  \cf6 ""\cf1\tab\tab /\cf3 >\cf1\line\tab\tab\line\par
\f1\fs24\par
\par
<GUIS> -*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*_*-\f0\fs20\par
\cf0\f7\par
}
 